README.md, before:

# Lunr

Lunr is a set of reusable **PHP components**. Lunr is mostly used by [M2mobi][1] applications. Its features
are slightly geared towards JSON based APIs with push notification support.

Installation
------------

* Install Lunr with Composer or with your own installer.
* Lunr follows the [semantic versioning][2] standards.

Community
---------

* [Join the Lunr usergroup][3] or dive right into development with the [developer group][4].
* Follow us on [GitHub][5].

Contributing
------------

Lunr is an Open Source, community-driven project. Join by contributing code or documentation.
To do that, make your changes and upload them to our reviewboard at [reviews.lunr.nl][6]

If you encounter any issues when using Lunr you can report them [on github][7]

About Us
--------

Lunr development is spearheaded by [M2mobi][1].

  [1]: https://m2mobi.com
  [2]: https://semver.org
  [3]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/lunr-users
  [4]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/lunr-developers
  [5]: https://github.com/M2Mobi/lunr
  [6]: https://reviews.lunr.nl
  [7]: https://github.com/M2Mobi/lunr/issues

Commit message:

General: Rebrand to Lunr.Config

README.md, after:

# Lunr.Config

Lunr.Config is a library for configuration file access and loading.

Installation
------------

* Install Lunr.Config with Composer or with your own installer.
* Lunr.Config follows the [semantic versioning][2] standards.

Community
---------

* [Join the Lunr usergroup][3] or dive right into development with the [developer group][4].
* Follow us on [GitHub][5].

Contributing
------------

Lunr.Config is an Open Source, community-driven project. Join by contributing code or documentation.
To do that, make your changes and upload them to our reviewboard at [reviews.lunr.nl][6]

If you encounter any issues when using Lunr.Config you can report them [on github][7]

About Us
--------

Lunr.Config development is spearheaded by [M2mobi][1].

  [1]: https://m2mobi.com
  [2]: https://semver.org
  [3]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/lunr-users
  [4]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/lunr-developers
  [5]: https://github.com/M2Mobi/lunr.config
  [6]: https://reviews.lunr.nl
  [7]: https://github.com/M2Mobi/lunr.config/issues
